{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ---\
title: "Codebook"\
author: "makerjessica"\
date: "November 22, 2015"\
output: html_document\
---\
\
Original data downloaded from "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip" and is comprised of Samsung Galaxy SII data collected from 30 subjects. \
\
Assignment was to locate, download, and unzip data. Once usable, files were combined, activity data was changed to from code to label and a new file was created to show tidy version of compiled data. List of original files, used files and information on modifications are outlined below. \
\
For each original record it is provided:\
======================================\
\
- Triaxial acceleration from the accelerometer (total acceleration) and the estimated body acceleration.\
- Triaxial Angular velocity from the gyroscope. \
- A 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables. \
- Its activity label. \
- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment.\
\
The original dataset includes the following files:\
=========================================\
\
- 'README.txt'\
\
- 'features_info.txt': Shows information about the variables used on the feature vector.\
\
- 'features.txt': List of all features.\
\
- 'activity_labels.txt': Links the class labels with their activity name.\
\
- 'train/X_train.txt': Training set.\
\
- 'train/y_train.txt': Training labels.\
\
- 'test/X_test.txt': Test set.\
\
- 'test/y_test.txt': Test labels.\
\
The following files are available for the train and test data. Their descriptions are equivalent. \
\
- 'train/subject_train.txt': Each row identifies the subject who performed the activity for each window sample. Its range is from 1 to 30. \
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/total_acc_x_train.txt': The acceleration signal from the smartphone accelerometer X axis in standard gravity units 'g'. Every row shows a 128 element vector. The same description applies for the 'total_acc_x_train.txt' and 'total_acc_z_train.txt' files for the Y and Z axis. \
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/body_acc_x_train.txt': The body acceleration signal obtained by subtracting the gravity from the total acceleration. \
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/body_gyro_x_train.txt': The angular velocity vector measured by the gyroscope for each window sample. The units are radians/second. \
\
- 'train/subject_train.txt': Each row identifies the subject who performed the activity for each window sample. Its range is from 1 to 30. 
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/total_acc_x_train.txt': The acceleration signal from the smartphone accelerometer X axis in standard gravity units 'g'. Every row shows a 128 element vector. The same description applies for the 'total_acc_x_train.txt' and 'total_acc_z_train.txt' files for the Y and Z axis. 
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/body_acc_x_train.txt': The body acceleration signal obtained by subtracting the gravity from the total acceleration. 
\
- 'train/Inertial Signals/body_gyro_x_train.txt': The angular velocity vector measured by the gyroscope for each window sample. The units are radians/second.
\
=========================\
\
Only the following files were used in this assignment:\
- 'features_info.txt': Shows information about the variables used on the feature vector.\
\
- 'features.txt': List of all features.\
\
- 'activity_labels.txt': Links the class labels with their activity name.\
\
- 'train/X_train.txt': Training set.\
\
- 'train/y_train.txt': Training labels.\
\
- 'test/X_test.txt': Test set.\
\
- 'test/y_test.txt': Test labels.\
\
=====================================\
\
Data modifications are oulined in markdown file. \
}
